feat(traffic_light): improved traffic_light_map_based_detector and new traffic_light_fine_detector package (#3442)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/traffic_light_multi_camera_fusion/README.md

# The `traffic_light_multi_camera_fusion` Package

## Overview

> `traffic_light_multi_camera_fusion` performs traffic light signal fusion which contains two tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`traffic_light_multi_camera_fusion` performs traffic light signal fusion which can be summarized as the following two tasks:
```

> `traffic_light_multi_camera_fusion` performs traffic light signal fusion which contains two tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`traffic_light_multi_camera_fusion` performs traffic light signal fusion which can be summarized as the following two tasks:
```

Author: @knzo25 
Done

Reviewer: Thanks !
